hey you two this is kita I'm 22 coming
at you with another video this video is
about how I prep my hair before i get a
weed put in basically what i did i
washed and conditioned my hair with
herbal essence body in me like i showed
him our previous video our co wash and
I'm our brazilian hair I did that when
I'm in the shower I section my hair off
in two sections I just split my hair in
half and my thread in pigtails and I
wash my hair while in the shower each
section and then I put conditioner on I
left the condition on my hair for about
30 minutes I like leaving conditioner in
my hair for a long time makes my hair
extra saw and basically after I did that
I blow dry my hair I didn't blow dried
all that great because my hair's will be
braided up anyways I just did good
enough to wear when the girl does my
hair it's not that hard to part and
braid it so after I did that I grease my
scalp and this is what I reads my scalp
with I grease my scout with Palmer's
olive oil grow therapy I i purchased
this at walmart i paid about maybe four
paid four dollars and something for it
and plus the bonus size but the regular
size is a little bit smaller yeah person
at walmart I'm so I grease my scalp and
basically now what I'm going to do is
section my hair off and I detangle my
hair with my double sided comb does
especially made for a curly hair so this
is what I'm going to do I'm go ahead and
part it so I'm go ahead and part it and
what I'm going to do is put um oil drop
them a whole air the whole hair I'm
going to go ahead use that Palmer's i
guess i just read my scout with it so i
just want to put some oil in my hair and
just put it throughout my whole head and
put on my hands so i'm gonna go ahead
and put one side up
go ahead and pin this to the side fresh
you know I have thick hair and then plus
the blow dryer use was very crappy it's
that gold like black and gold whatever
it's called and the hair the teeth that
comes with it it was all broken up so it
was like snagging up my hair I need a
purchase me a good good blow dryer no I
just wanna you know make sure it gets on
my end it's good you don't want to put
that much I just want enough to where
you know it's evenly coated I'm sorry
guys like I say in all my videos I'm so
sorry about this camera just be tangling
brush I mean brushing combing my hair
forward and now what I'm going to do I'm
go ahead and just braid it up just pin
it back like I do on my nightly routine
on how I have them pin my hair up at
night and this all night it was just
twisted nothing special is twisted I'm
going to braid it all up and then I
really matter I'm just going to pin it
then I'm go ahead and do the same to
this side
so my well and then when i go to bed at
night when I put my satin ball when I
get up in the morning I might actually
put some more oil in it cuz you know my
hair absorbs oil then might be dry in
the morning so I might have to put some
more and that an olive oil formula
growth every from Thomas um actually
this is my first time using it on my
hair I usually use it on my daughter's
hair and it works good on her hair and
she's only two so i use it on her hair I
use it on her daily um but what I
usually use um is that Africa's best oh
well huh I'm sorry I smile what caylian
yellow clue all right hold on mom in the
video but like I said usually use the
Africans best oil that liquid oil but
i'm not using it because just too thin
and flat but it works good on my hair
when it's wet and curly so I best this
is all I do and it's like in a pigtail
and I just pray and just pin it up and
then when I do after that so my satin
bonnet on and oh my god it's all stretch
to eat oh look old lady I like a grandma
but basically that's basically all I do
so that's it for this video and I will
be back at you guys doing another video
tomorrow and actual the actual install
of my KS perfect hair a kak sways the 16
inch Brazilian natural wave virgin hair
so I'll see you guys later and you have
a good night YouTube